docs(v2): Redirect component for easy redirect (#1913)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/docusaurus-core.md

  );
}
```

## `<Redirect />`

> Rendering a `<Redirect>` will navigate to a new location. The new location will override the current location in the history stack, like server-side redirects (HTTP 3xx) do. You can refer to [React Router's Redirect documentation](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/blob/master/packages/react-router/docs/api/Redirect.md) for more info on available props.

Reviewer: Would not it be better like this?

```suggestion
Rendering a `<Redirect>` will navigate to a new location. The new location will override the current location in the history stack, like server-side redirects (HTTP 3xx) do. You can refer to [React Router's Redirect documentation](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/api/Redirect) for more info on available props.
```
